... a single python script with no external dependencies. It will be a tool for orchestrating the typical stages of a
software development project, based on the project lifecycle in a manner similar to that provided by Maven (but not
using XML, nor having any concern about dependency management, and assume git is the version control system).

This tool is intended as a cross-platform replacement for certain maven usages. A configuration file will be processed,
which will allow the various phases in the lifecycle to be given: clean and deep-clean standalone phases; prepare,
test-compile, compile, test, package, integration-test, deploy. Each of these phases will be associated with a
section in the configuration file (indexed by its phase name). This section will contain an external command that will
be executed. The phases will be given on the command line. All phases leading in order to the requested phase will be
run. Any non-zero exit from a given command will terminate the execution. A command line flag will permit the named
phases to be run directly, without all earlier phases. The tool will have its own variable storage, so that a command
line of the form -D xyz=abc will define a variable called xyz containing the value abc. The external commands that are
given in the configuration file can have variables interpolated, so, for example, the section:
`compile: xyztool -X $xyz; echo $ENV{USER}`
would run the external `xyztool` with the arguments `-X abc` (interpolating the xyz variable given on the command line.
It would then echo the `USER` environment variable. Interpolation would be performed for variables and environment
variables. For POSIX systems, the bash (etc.) shell would be used to run the external commands; on Windows, PowerShell
would be used. Any undefined variables or environment variables would cause the tool to fail with an appropriate error
message. Each phase (and external command) can also have a 'variant' given next to the phase name in the configuration
file - this variant represents the platform type, e.g. macOS, Linux, Windows - ideally, a target triple as will be
found at https://doc.rust-lang.org/nightly/rustc/platform-support.html - so that if the 'compile' phase is invoked,
then the appropriate external command is run, given that there would be  `compile:aarch64-apple-darwin`,
`compile:86_64-pc-windows-msvc` and `compile:x86_64-unknown-linux-gnu` sections. It should be possible to omit the
execution of a given phase, by having an optional 'unless' command given against a phase section - this would either be
an external command that would sense whether the phase should be run or not (returning true/false via an appropriate
exit code), or a '-e filepath' option that checks for the existence of a named file (interpolation can be done on this
command/file check). Each stage of the execution of the tool needs to be clearly emitted to stdout. The full command
that the tool executes in each phase should be emitted. The output of each command (its stdout and stderr, if any)
should be emitted (clearly distinguishable from the tool's own output). The project version (following semver, and
allowing a -SNAPSHOT suffix) should be stored in the configuration file. It can be interpolated with the $VERSION
variable. Finally, the tool should support a 'release' phase. Similar to maven's release mechanism, this will: ensure
there are no uncommitted changes in the working directory; re-clone the repo into a clean 'release' subdirectory, then
in this 'release' directory, update the version in the tools' configuration file to the next semver version (with an
interactive prompt to ensure that the correct version is chosen), run the test and integration-test phases (which will
prepare, test-compile, compile, package), and if successful, run the deploy phase to publish the new version's
artefacts, then commit the changed control file, tag the repo with the newly-chosen version number, update the version
to the next version with -SNAPSHOT added to the version, and push all these changes.
